{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 'I can\\'t say enough about this sweater! it light, delicate, soft, vintage chic........i could go on and on! buy it already!!!I am not a model shape but this dress looked so light and beautiful i had to try it. it wasn\\'t available in my local store so i risked it and ordered online. i\\'m 5\\'6" and about 175 lbs; the medium fits perfectly. i will say that the skirt fabric comes much more sharply pleated than it looks in the photos, maybe this hangs out/mellows over time. the lining to the knee is going to be great for warm summer days. can wear to work with a shrug and some flats or to a summer wedding. the pattern is beaI really did. here\\'s why i just couldn\\'t: the lace strips make it look cheap. the fabric is soft, , but the pattern is undistinguished. \\r\\nthe fit is very disappointing--medium looked square and boxy, the large was massive and in both sizes the v-neck was too low to wear without a camisole underneath....which defeated the purpose.The model doesn\\'t do this jumpsuit justice. absolutely gorgeous!  beautifully constructed,  cute details,  flows well,  easy to dress up or down...\\r\\n5\\'5" 135 34 c- the 6 was perfect.I bought the "here comes the sun" version of this shirt. i had to have it. i\\'m a cervical cancer survivor who is still dealing with some health issues. i recently attended a cancer survivor event where a women talked about her life with cancer. she said that you no longer counts the years of her life, instead she counts her sunny days. i was inspired to do the same. so, i love this shirt. i got it on sale, but it still could\\'ve been cheaper.Love the look! it\\'s a little tight but i still like it.I love this top! it\\'s perfect for casual outings like a picnic or a movie in summer. it\\'s material is thick enough to feel sturdy but still is very lightweight for summer. it\\'s a little baggy in the front so if that bothers you then i\\'d size down one size from your normal. i bought my usual size of xs and it seems to fit perfectly. i\\'m tempted to buy this in more colors.I received these as a christmas gift. they are really cozy: warm, soft and super comfortable. however, they stretch out a lot, as there is no drawstring or elastic on the waist band. this leads them to poof out a lot and i have to keep pulling them up. this is fine for hanging out around the house, but not if you want to wear them out and about. i\\'m keeping them because they\\'re so comfortable, but beware how much they stretch. (i am 5\\'6", 130 lbs and the size small fits well).Perfect fit shirt. super cute and very comfortable. i purchased a size xl at first but it was too large, l fit perfect. i\\'m normally a size 14 on top, but this runs large.Ordered a size 0, my usual at retailer... very flattering, fits wellnanThis top is very pretty, but it fits funny. it\\'s boxy and doesn\\'t hang well. i feel like you could almost wear it as a 2nd-trimester-pregnancy-blouse. i tried the small & the small petite. they both fit the same (too big and too boxy), but the petite was shorter. i am 5\\'2", 125lbs, 34b. i preferred the regular length, but if you like your tops to end at your waistband, then the petite would fit too. i still really like the top, so i may try it in a smaller size when it goes on sale.I loved everything about this dress except the length. that fabric is great, the width of the dress was great...not too slim but not too baggy. but the front & side length was the problem. it is longer in the back which was great. i could have even dealt with the front length, but for my age, the way the sides came up fairly high, just couldn\\'t work for me.\\r\\ni you are younger and okay with showing lots of leg, go for it! its really cute!Good reason to read reviews. i concur with others in that it fins large and looks boxy. heavy fabric makes matters worse.I was looking for a stylish spring/fall jacket and this one seemed to fit the bill. i was shocked by the quality and softness of the material and construction of this jacket. i could honestly not believe how comfortable and cute this felt and looked on me. i can\\'t wear it enough! i am a short 5\\'2" but 36d and have 31" waist so i ordered a size m and l to see which would work best. as it turned out the m fit with plenty of room! i am normally a 12/14 so i was surprised by this. if you are on theI\\'ve worn citizens for almost 12 years now, i keep going back because i have an athletic figure (my thighs and butt are bigger than my waist), and usually citizens fit and hug all the right places and are made with a certain quality expectation - these did not meet any of those standards, the ripped as soon as i put them on. the material seemed cheap.Lots of embellishment, striking magenta color, feels great on, with a flattering neckline that isn\\'t too low. i recommend it!This skirt is not what i was expecting at all. for starters it runs large, i expected it to sit at the natural waist and it is definitely made to do so, but it was a good two inches too big and therefore wouldn\\'t lay flat and gaped at the front. no bueno. my biggest gripe, though, is that the color looks nothing like it does in the picture. they have it paired with an ivory top and the two look like they match so well but do not be fooled, the background color of this skirt is not even close toThis is a pretty tunic but it just didn\\'t look right on me. the colors are nice and you can easily hide body flaws.Love this top. have two of them. they are comfy, light-weight and extremely flattering. love!I purchased this piece in store in a size small, ivory. i am usually a size medium but the small fit perfect! material is soft, lightweight, and very comfortable. collar can be buttoned to create more of a turtleneck look or unbuttoned to create less of the same look. i\\'m so glad i grabbed this because it is a great cold weather staple and i doubt they will last long!!nannanThis sweater runs large and long in the arms. i am 5\\'5" and often wear petite in pants but not tops. the medium petite is perfect, the sweater is a beautiful open gauge knit and will be great this fall/winter for work over a tank and nice pants. the blue color is more of a mint green/blue, very pretty and different than anything i have in my closet. great addition.I am so glad that wide leg pants are coming back! i love this style - so flattering! the color on these (blue) is rich and unique and the fit is exactly what i was hoping for. i wanted them loose and low waisted and they are perfect. i am 5\\'4" 122 lbs and ordered 27 petite. the length (listed at 30") is spot-on with flats, no tailoring needed. i previously ordered these in white in 27 r. they also are good but a little too loose and will need hemming. def. recommend and hope retailer keeps this stIt looks a little more dressy in the picture but it\\'s cotton, soft and very comfortable.This was a lovely skirt. the colors are beautiful, and the style is not too poofy like other ball skirts.\\nit is very high waisted, and at 5\\'8" the length was similar to the model.Very cute shorts. sadly, after one wash they became a lint magnet so had to be returned. disappointing quality.The print on the fabric of this dress is stunning. it is lighter weight than i anticipated, and the photo didn\\'t show the keyhole opening in the front (which i like but may not be for everyone). i am pear shaped and on the tall side, so the shape works nicely on me, not too snug in the middle or rear. not sure about someone not as tall or more busty. i typically wear a larger size on the bottom than the top, so i ordered in the larger size which fit well.These pants are perfect!!! they are exactly what i was looking for, and worth every penny! the fabric is more lightweight than any other sort of denim, but still i think i could wear these any season. they look so cute with simple heels and a classic blouse, but they can be dressed down with nice sneakers and a plain white t! so excited to have these in my closet!! love a good pair of fun pants.Beautiful dress! love the colors and fit. can be dressed up or down. the only negative is that the buttons fall off. this is my third dress and it too lost a button the first time i wore it. i don\\'t live near an retailer store so i will be keeping it anyways, as this is already my third dress :( my advice would be to reinforce the three buttons as soon as you buy it. there is one at the top, front of the dress and one on each sleeve.I really loved the idea of this dress and thought it may be perfect for work with a pair of wedges. but, the first thing that set me off was the color and the material. the color is more street sign yellow than a soft, warm yellow. the fabric is a thin, sheet like fabric that makes the yellow look even cheaper. i was anticipating a thicker shirt-like fabric. when i tried it on, i liked the idea, but the material and the color made me feel like i was wearing costume...or a parachute. i will definI adore these jeans! i bought them in a size 31 but probably could have gone with a 30. i decided to keep them anyway and have been very pleased. the fit is flattering. the color is perfect! i prefer these gray jeans to any other color for most outfits. the waist is a little higher than i\\'m used to, but that makes the fit even more flattering and helps prevent the "sagging out" issue that my older paige skinny jeans have.\\n\\ni love these jeans and definitely recommend them for hourglass shapes. monanI love this top! i have all 4 colors in size large. i\\'m 5\\'9 170 lbs with a large bust. it\\'s a loose fit that is very flattering. do not dry i wash in cold water and hang dry. first one i bought i dried and it shrunk quick a bit. if you are tall, size up.I love this top, the detail and embroidery make it great for during the day or at night. the small fits me perfect and i don\\'t wear it with a camisole like some have mentioned, but might if i wore it to worknanI bought this in both yellow and green. what a gorgeous and flatttering top that fits beautifully. i love this top!Missed these last year in black, so snatched them up when i saw them this season! great,versatile wardrobe piece - dress them up or down with knee-hi boots, booties, or great heeled pump with silk blouse or sweater. love something that i can wear so many ways, and look and feel polished and put together.nanI ordered this top because it was on a crazy sale and i\\'m really glad i did. it\\'s super soft and comfortable but still very cute so its versatile. you can wear it down or dress it up with a great skirt or jacket.Having read all the reviews, i still (bravely) ordered in a size 2 (i can be a 0 or 2 in this brand)...first reaction? adorable style. second reaction? who was the model for this? i am pear shaped, and not short waisted, but the waist is low, and the top is snug...afraid a 4 would be too much top, but don\\'t relish constantly pulling the dress down to keep the waist where it should be. am going into my local mall store, to see if they do have a 4...perhaps that will be better. really hesitant tonanI love this top. i bought it in the blue but loved all the colors. i fell in love with it on-line and hesitated ordering it only because i was afraid that the arm holes would be too large (based on what i saw in the picture). fortunately they had it at my local retailer, so i was able to try it on. my usual xs fit perfectly. great flow, soft and casual. perfect for those cool nights in the summer or layered with a cardigan in the winter.Wanted to love this dress. the fabric is very nice, pretty colors, great quality and style. it just didn\\'t work for my body type. it would fit great on someone with narrower shoulders. probably want to size down.I tried this on in the store and loved it. it is very comfortable. i sized up one or two sizes. i am very thin and somewhat petite but wanted a little more length. it will be a great dress for fall as the fabric is heavy enough to wear into fall. i think it looks better in person than online. would recommend it if you like this kind of dress. love that it has pockets too. great quality.Wasn\\'t sure what to expect - but got this on sale, and glad i did.\\nit is much prettier in person. soft and silky.\\ngreat fit also - and versatile (mix and match)As per usual bordeaux is perfect with this cardigan. very soft, washes well. love it.I was so excited to finally find a work appropriate contemporary pant that i wore them about 3 times in the first week. needless to say they needed to be washed, and i followed the care instructions by washing in cold water and laying flat to dry. after just a single wash in cold water, the pants faded to the point that they looked like they were three years old. so sad, luckily retailer took them back without a problem. be warned, these may need to be dry cleaned which is a lot of maintenaLove these pilcro jeans, my usual size fit nice like skinny jeans. i know if i had gone down a size they would look too tight in the legs, they are not supposed to be leggings. they did not stretch out too much all day - slightly in the waist, not enough to size down. the dark color is perfect for winter! they are very comfortable!! love pilcro jeans!'\
}